this is 20 video gamer this is Sonic X
mistakes now this is my favorite episode
for numerous reasons it's an episode 6
cracking knuckles and right here you're
gonna see knuckles and Sonic run out
this mountain or cliff or whatever you
want say I'm just gonna call it mountain
as you see right here you can clearly
see that knuckles is running up this
mountain playing the very next scene
he's climbing and names like that for
the entire resident that and that is a
strange mistake but not as strange as
his next mistake
okay I've really fun this mistake funny
mainly I think this mainly goes that
Amy's my least favorite character and an
extra shadow I'm sorry that offends
anybody but they are I they're the only
characters that I dislike in the Sonic
series anyway is that right here lead
Amy's hands I want you to study them
time to figure out if there's anything
wrong with them okay times up she has
two right hands that's that I mean it's
a huge animation error whatever you
wanna call it I guess yeah but anyways
and to case you don't believe me just
try with your own heads getting the same
position see is just her left hand right
there well the right hand that should be
a left hand you should see the palm of
it not because it's that it's just
because you can see that it's a face her
palm is facing torch body it's to be
facing the camera and goes through even
further my case let's you and this thing
right here look at the position of her
thumb here compared to her thumb here
and yes just to our hands there found
hilarious and that's it